# LLM Spot

## How to install
Check the *Installation* subsection in the newest app release.

## Development
The application will be containerized using Docker, which starts both web and app servers locally.

## Production
After successful testing of the development release, the first production release will be deployed.

### Backend

1. **flask** - Deploys the backend server and its endpoints.
2. **flask-cors** - Allows the Flask server to handle requests from the web server.
3. **python-dotenv** - Loads environment variables into Python code.
4. **openai** - Communicates with OpenAI's public API.
5. **requests** - Sends requests to API servers.


### LLM Spot v0.2.0-Pre-alpha

#### Installation

##### Requirements

1. **Node.js**
2. **npm** or other node package manager
3. **Python** compiler
4. **Pipenv** package manager

##### Steps

Clone the repository, navigate to *./backend* directory and execute>

	*pipenv install*

This will install all required Python packages. Then start the backend server:

	python ./api.py

In the root directory execute the following command:

	npm start

Now the website should start in the browser and you can use the application.

#### Development Status

#### Implemented Features
- [x] Core chat functionality
- [x] Basic API integration
- [x] Markdown support
- [x] File attachment support
- [x] Loading and managing Conversation context
- [x] Parsing Code Blocks into Code HTML Element.
- [x] Highlighting Code Blocks special keywords' font and contrasting it properly.
- [x] Splitting chatting into conversations
- [x] Allow user to modify the context of the LLM.
- [x] Simple Keep-alive Mechanism between webpage and backend server.
- [x] Making Optional Tuning Parameters Container collapsible.

#### Planned Features

- [ ] Setting personal tokens by user	
- [ ] More keyboard shortcuts
- [ ] Processing image requests by LLM
- [ ] Support of multiple LLMs
- [ ] Better website responsiveness
- [ ] Error handling
- [ ] Basic documentation
- [ ] Installation guide
- [ ] Basic test coverage

#### Changelog
- User now can create more conversations per a session.
- Conversation history is stored locally on server, so refreshing the page won't erase it.
- Website is now more responsive on small/medium screens.
- Parser now successfully parses Code Blocks generated by an LLM into distinguisable html blocks.
- Keywords used in various Programming Languages are now properly highlighted.
- Panel Action bar now has a minimal height.

#### Known Issues
- Still, responsiveness could be better. For smaller screens the total height of website should be smaller.
- Website should be more UX-designed (for instance when sending a request the submit button could its icon to indicate the llm processes the request, etc.)
- Font inside parsed code blocks is too bold.
- Account Settings are still useless.


> To get full version history check *changelog.md* file.